now I want you to to get good rest what
if they have a bad dream I'm sure we can
handle any dream you have what if I
dream that you sent us away into the
dark and me really hurt I'm so sad
is scared of the dark out there then I
put poison in me for years and years I
can't tell my plug told me something to
poison and my heart breaks right in half
and I can't feel anything happy
[Music]
I can't stand it anymore a night they
have to die
in time in a silver cable
it's my job I urge shut
[Music]
why did you wake us up from a dream like
that
we're not like any other family we're
different
because of where we grew up
Hill House
your mother she was not crazy
neither was her sister neither is your
brother neither are you
it's that house
[Music]
you don't have to worry now sweetie that
really bad dream of course I'd wake
[Music]
you